---
layout: post
path: /_daily_thoughts/
share: true
title: daily thought 4 - the girl
tags:
  - trial
---

This is a bit of a bigger daily thought, more like a story….

I sort of promised myself (and thought about writing) that the next time I saw a girl I thought was pretty, that I would ask for her number - or at least talk to her. 

It all stemmed from a conversation I had had with a friend of mine around why we fear to do things, and how death should be more than enough of a reason not to (Planning to write a longer post about this, I’ll link it here, if I do). Anyways, I didn’t write, which evidently gave me a mental crutch to not feel - so - guilty about not doing it. But today, out of thin air, something happened. 

Maybe about a week ago I had to shop for clothes (accompanied by my family), I went to a bunch of stores, but in one in particular (and coincidentally where I ended up buying all of my clothes) there was this - really - pretty girl who was helping me find what I was looking for. My sister noticed my amusement, we joked about it, of course I thought she was pretty, but nothing came of it, I simply got my things, thanked her, and left. 

Today, me and my sister decided to go back to the surrounding area (of where the shop is), I’m leaving town in a couple of days and still needed some sweaters. As we did last time, we went by many stores, and ended up leaving said shop for last…as we were approaching, for some reason, this girl came into my mind again, “Would she be there?”, “If she is, will she remember who I am?”, “blah, blah, blah”. Then came my sister; “remember that girl, reckon she’s here?”, “I was just thinking about that, don’t know” I said, and as the shopping began, we each subtlety peeked around looking to shut down our intrigue…and we did! There she was, second floor, just across the isle from us. We kept shopping and eventually managed to ask her a question “Do you have this in blue?”[^1], “Not sure, let me check”, she replied in a cold tone. That was it, I thought, cold, non interested, god, did she even remember me?[^2]. Undeterred (or perhaps, completely oblivious) I kept asking her questions about whatever it was that was happening, the pant size, did these look good, etc, etc…. I’ll spare you a whole story, but in summary, she helped, my sister and I constantly made faces at each other (her pushing me to say something to her, me pushing back, while still joking about her being incredibly pretty), I made some jokes, she (the girl) laughed a couple of time (and also didn’t…a couple of others), and then, just like last time, she brought my stuff to the register and I simply let it go, making this yet another joke (which is a way of softening the blow of not taking the action I wish I did).

Trying to make something out of nothing, while at the register, I kept trying to convince my sister to go talk to her, and say something along the lines of “My brother is an idiot, he thinks you are pretty, but won’t ask for your number, so I’m asking for him, can he?[^3], after some back and forth, she agreed, and while I paid, she went to the second floor and did just that[^4]. My sister came back with a big smile and laughter she could barely hold back, I took it as a good sign, but prompted her to wait until we left the store. We did, she told me all about it, and I got the number. 

I got the number! We chatted for a bit through messages, and tomorrow we are going on a date (?)[^5], some nice Italian restaurant, wish me luck.

 I’ve already imagined a life with this girl[^6], let’s just hope it doesn’t all get messed up the first time around, I’ll certainly try my best. 

Take the chance, even if you have to find a way to shelter your inner little bitch, something nice might just happen - it won’t most of the time, but it might just, and that’s the beauty.


---


[^1]: No need to tell me, I know, you can just call me the icebreaker master. 
[^2]: I'm a bit dramatic at times I know...Let's agree to call this exaggeration for the sake of storytelling.
[^3]: This has two sides, 1) I thought it was a pretty smooth technique, 2) I’m a *massive* pussy
[^4]: Fuck, that felt like an eternity, I’ll tell you that much
[^5]: We indeed went on a date, I'm publishing this a day late (Exciting! Update incoming?), just editorial tinkering, all the meat of the post was written last night. 
[^6]: As you get to know me, you’ll find that I’m a bit of a hopeless - and easily imaginative - romantic!